[Music]
hey there uh Welcome to our s live
sessions um I'm your host and Thea had
of growth sa group is serial acquire
buying wonderful SAU businesses and uh
here we talk with SAU experts about all
the things um happening in the industry
to bring more value to Founders and help
them take their product to the next
level
and uh here with me today is George
Hotes managing director at minua and um
the founder of growth wte and Shannon
and our own content marketing lead at s
group and I'm super excited to have you
here I think it's a great way uh to
start our new sessions of 2024 because
even though a lot of marketers have been
uh working on their marketing and SEO
strategies this past quarter uh but
we're still entering an unknown and uh
it's really interesting to to learn what
you guys think is ahead so welcome to
the session and uh let's start with your
introductions uh George will you do the
owners first of all let me just say that
uh this like pronunciation of my last
name was the best ever on a on a live
recording so thank you for that uh so
yeah my name is George uh I'm the
managing director of minusa which is a
uh content marketing agency for S
companies and uh I also run growth waves
on the side which is a newsletter on all
things B2B
growth we will send the next issue in a
couple of hours so you might uh want to
subscribe and I'm very happy to be here
uh I want to wish everyone um happy New
Year uh even though it's January 9th
already still happy New Year everyone
and excited to be here and you know
discuss everything that's in the agenda
for today's session yeah thank you
Shannon yes um hi George I'm so happy to
finally like meet you and just to
discuss a few things today um so just a
little bit about me I am the content
marketing lead at SAS group bit of
background story I've sort of been in
content for the past 10 years um it's
quite a traditional timeline I would say
um in terms of my career I really just I
started in print and media production
which is so strange to think now so
going back to print days and then
transitioning into the digital space and
then focusing more on SEO content and
specializing in B2B before then of
course going into more of a strategic
and Consulting side of things so yeah
that's pretty much my background thank
you guys and uh yeah thanks for for
remembering having you here everyone uh
I mean it's been it's been a very um f
fast start of the year so uh we all
forgot that it was there already uh but
yeah happy to see you here the first
question that that we got uh is um about
the trend that you're excited um for
2024 but I actually want to start a
little earlier and ask you what has been
working for you in 2023 because it has
been turbulent and there has been a lot
of
experimentation um especially in the
content side I think uh so yeah what has
been working for you could you share
maybe a few examples um that yeah that
were the best for you George let's start
with you so I think that 2023 was the
probably the last year um
which the the the old content marketing
Playbook still you know was was was
valid and was helping companies achieve
results and this included you know
content that was mainly uh text based
content that was mainly uh intended to
go to the blog I think that this was the
last year um that this Playbook which is
based on successful companies like hspo
right um I I don't see how this can can
take us to the next uh stage of of
growth for most s companies and I think
that we are uh in the transitioning
moment right now where we see this old
con marketing Playbook somehow expiring
if I can use that work and shifting
towards a different Playbook where text
based content that goes to the blog and
is SEO focused is not enough anymore
that's not to say that it will not work
work or it will not be part of the the
content programs uh we run but it can't
be just that right so 2023 it was
working and it was you know it served us
well especially for companies that have
brand Authority and they have a strong
product and they uh they have a good
reputation overall um but I guess that
we have to rethink our approach as we
enter
2024 and with all the change es that we
anticipate this this year some of them
in the building uh since 2023 and even
you know before that and we we will talk
about that yeah yeah sure Shannon what
work for you do you think 2023 is is old
news
now no I mean just listening to what
George said about like most of the
strategies being SEO Leed which is 100%
I think that you know we've been on the
same sort of bandwagon in terms of types
of content that's been working for us in
2023 was definitely you know the the
software lists and more the programmatic
type of content like glossies and you
know looking at comparison Pages Etc um
also looking at a lot more um
transactional content so really getting
into like long form
FAQs um if I look at SAS group as a you
know as the umbrella I would definitely
say video content has really worked for
you Anna um and you know with the
podcast and um we can definitely see
that people are engaging with video
content a lot more than than text but
yeah and then of course we get to like
the guides and all of that and I'm not
talking guides as in just like long form
blog posts I'm talking like you know
specific URL based guides where for
instance we had a client where we did
about 12 different specific guides and
we sort of went live at the same time so
everything was indexed together um and
that was something that was really
powerful so a lot of Brands looking into
doing that and yeah just mostly tax
based stuff as we said uh really worked
in
2023 okay so let's fast forward we're
2024 so what do you think is going to
change and what are the trends that
you're excited about for this year
George two main uh changes this year the
first is uh search SEO is changing and
the second one is uh AI which of course
did not enter the scene uh this year um
but I would say that some of the changes
that happen in search are also driven or
accelerated by AI right so let's start
with the first which is SEO in May
Google made some announcements uh
regarding its new search experience
which it called search generative
experience sge which kind of uh shuffles
things and changes the The Experience um
in search of course even though people
have access to it uh it's still as a
product in beta right and we don't know
how the end product will will look like
once integrated in search um however we
we also get some signals about things
changing in search SG asite and what I
mean by that is we see websites like
Reddit uh getting more and more uh
prominent positions in Search and other
websites that are that may be in some
cases you know very Niche specific
website similar to to Reddit like qu in
the sense of you know there is a
question and there is an answer there or
Answers by by by several users so we see
changes already but we anticipate sge as
the biggest change of the year right we
don't know exactly how big the impact
will be uh right and let's not forget
that this is not the first time Google
makes a change that kind of takes away
traffic from uh Publishers websites
Brands and so on right um however we we
anticipate that this will be an
important uh change and how big the
impact I I don't want to make any
predictions because no one knows at at
this point but this is something that
you know companies will need to take
into account moving forward especially
companies that where SEO drives the cond
strategy which is not the ideal place to
be right now because at the end of the
day you you you want to diversify right
and the second change is AI of course
which we don't think that you know will
take uh the job of conon marketers at
least not in the short term but it's
definitely going to change it and I
would say that we experience a change
right now um on a perceptional level
even when it comes to how content text
based content uh should be created how
much is it should cost and so on which
kind of levels the playing field and
changes how both service providers but
you know companies themselves approach
content and if anything I would say that
it's is it's at the end of the it's the
great push we all needed to create
content that's substantially better than
than Ai and that can you know you can
tell the difference without having to
like use a tool to to validate the text
or anything like that right and of
course on top of that I would say that
this is this serves quote unquote serves
as an accelerator for trying new uh
things out and uh being more creative
and branching Beyond uh branching out of
just text based content which right now
even AI can do right um so these are the
the two main changes and I think that
you know they will change uh things they
will have a significant impact let's
just say oh yeah I think you you cannot
not talk about AI when you when you talk
about the changes in content in 2024 so
what's your take on it Shannon
yeah I mean if we look at AI I mean I
don't know how you feel George but I
feel that it's still not on par with
what we expected it to be by now so
obviously there's an uproar and
everyone's feeling certain mixed
emotions Etc um but I would say that AI
is probably going to start being used
for more than just you know content
creation I really hope for that I mean I
as a writer I mean I I can confidently
say I don't really um use use AI for
that but definitely in other areas you
know from a strategic perspective or you
know things that could save a lot of
time like coming up with templates all
that kind of stuff so yeah I think AI is
definitely growing um and there's a lot
that you can do it with when you do when
you use it correctly um and then just to
quickly touch on what you said about
search um yeah I think definitely
because we don't know what SG is
bringing it's it's almost like we have
to find ways to be more visible in areas
and I would say for me something that's
definitely changing and that I'm seeing
a lot more of is influencer marketing in
B2B so something I'm quite excited about
is actually just to see how much more
businesses or Brands invest in sort of
Niche micro influencers um I've been
seeing it quite a bit on LinkedIn and
just you know seeing how they sort of
contract to them and and use them for
assisting with digital content creation
or training ET Etc um so that's been
something that's quite exciting um what
else um obviously short form content um
video Etc and then definitely more focus
on Forum so something that you mentioned
as well with you know Reddit getting
more visibility as well just Reddit yes
but other forums and more private
communities I think people are just
trying to get away from all this like
synthetic content that's already on
Google I mean everything's just like
regurgitating the same thing so you know
really getting to connect with those
experts in different forums and private
communities um is something that's quite
big and then something that I keep
seeing is like Brands Going Back to
Basics I know it sounds so silly um and
I mean like we've gone through like so
many years of content marketing and like
the fundamentals should be in place but
again like just getting back to a point
of like where you establishing yourself
as an expert and like an authority in a
specific field and also just really
getting to know your customers there's
still so much Gap in that um and there's
so much data that's missing uh that
Brands and teams don't have so we kind
of just end up just relying on what we
see on Google and you know just
following that same tactic always so
yeah that's pretty much my thoughts on
on changes that we see coming in the
next couple of
months all right thank you and since you
started talking about Ai and like I said
obviously like you cannot miss that
topic when when you talk about content
creation right now what do you think
about like the accuracy of of the
content that it generates and like
because like there is no way to stop it
right a lot of content marketers are
going to uh to just go to Chad gbt
Jasper or whatever they're they're using
and um ignore the fact that maybe you
you shouldn't use it as is uh so how to
go about the accuracy of of the content
and the the information that it displays
Shannon maybe let's let's continue with
you yeah sure so I mean obviously we
have ai detectors and stuff but I mean
everyone knows that it's not accurate so
I think as a it's quite a headache for
me I would say especially when I'm
working with Freelancers Etc because you
still have to do those manual checks
you're going in you're looking at
plagiarism because a lot of these tools
are not citing you know where those
sources are coming from and all of that
you have to do the manual leg work
yourself and actually do the plagiarism
checks Etc and then of course like I
mean you have to be some sort of expert
in whatever you're speaking about um
we've seen so much content where you
know people are so quick to jump on um
chat GPT or whatever Google B and just
create content and just be okay with
with sending that out not knowing the
facts but that makes it a lot more
scarier because you don't know that so
yeah always having to sort of fact check
and yeah that's becoming a little of a
headache from my side but yeah that's
how I sort of feel what do you think
George have you noticed um because like
Shannon said like the all the like um
the things that check here for
plagiarism and for using AI like I um I
would actually play with it for a while
when you know Chad GPT was just uh all
super new and exciting and I I think I
would just like check 10 tools
simultaneously and they would all tell
me different stuff and that was really
fascinating I was like okay so how are
we going around it like someone is going
to use one thing and tell me you know
it's it's completely AI written and
somebody's going to to use a different
one and you know I'm off the hook so um
yeah what's your experience with it for
the record I think that there are some
valid use cases for AI
regarding con creation especially for
text based content and I think that if
anything these systems will get better
and better and they will pick up um
relatively fast right the problem is
that the content that exists out there
especially if you conduct a search on on
Google is so bad that you can somehow
compare it with AI content right and
this is a problem because a lot of these
content pieces have been written by by
humans who in several cases don't have
you know actual experience with the
product or you know with what they are
uh talking about and even even if they
don't have experience they don't have
the expertise or authority to to talk
about these these issues and discuss
these matters right now I can be
factually inaccurate and this may be a
this may not be you know such a big of a
deal for an early stage SAS uh that just
raised some some money and is super
price sensitive but imagine if you you
use AI for a public sa company that's
also operating in you know the financial
Niche right and imagine if you get
something that's inaccurate and this
goes uh live and then as a public
company your liability towards something
that was inaccurate is much bigger than
you know private company that is not uh
being traded in the public markets right
who's going to take the responsibility
for that who's going to make the
correction right so you can have people
in this case do the the job do the the
hard work of editing content but and
disclaimer I am a bit biased obviously
ly and you can have a people like do the
work of editing these content pieces
right but in my experience and in
conversations I have with people from
you know the biggest s companies in the
world it doesn't make sense because it
takes so much time that you know why
wouldn't we have a human being writing
the content in the first place now once
again there is a lot of bad content out
there already and I would say that
content marketers
collectively as as a whole kind of gave
people and the market the opportunity to
kind of equate our work with the work
that AI can do the output of an llm
right and this is the real problem here
that we have to advance our quality and
you know the way we we produce content
so much that's you know I mean no one
can doubt that this is written by a
human being and this is written by AI
right and of course you know humans can
can make mistakes as well just the
difference is that humans even though
that's more you know uh often seen in in
uh in media uh traditional media can
make Corrections while AI you know is
not going to correct a blog post that's
already live right or a post on social
media um so these are my thoughts on on
this topic and I think that you know we
can go on forever but it goes It goes
back to us and how we approach creation
um and using AI as a tool and not
relying on it for for everything but
once again it has to be obvious that's
that this is a work done by humans and
this is work done by AI right which
unfortunately is not the case in many
cases especially if we're talking about
conent that's that's written for a
search audience that's a really
interesting uh point I saw this post on
LinkedIn uh have you noticed that Chad
gbt has been producing worse content
over uh the period of time that has been
released and maybe the reason behind it
is that we feed it such shitty content
that it learns from it and becomes
dumber and uh yeah maybe uh maybe you're
right maybe it's on us uh but yeah it's
something that we can uh go on about
forever but uh I've got a different
question for you and uh I think well we
produce content to to make an impact
right to to reach some some goals so how
to measure the impact of your content
what is the best way to do it in B2B sa
George let's start with you so had you
asked me the the same question last year
uh I wouldn't have a good answer and the
reason is
that things were going so well that we
we we didn't have have to report on
anything right we had enough business
and things were going really well and so
as an agency we we we made a conscious
decision a few years back to to not
report on anything right and just work
based on or base our pricing on
deliverables right however things have
changed and the reason uh for
approaching things differently nowadays
is because companies went from increased
budgets and little to no Roi scrutiny to
limited budgets in some cases and high
Roi scrutiny which means that not that
they need to assign a dollar value
behind everything that they do on on a
Content marketing level but there needs
to be um what we call an impact
narrative that at the end of the day
what we do may not you know generate mrr
or bring uh like demo bring in demos or
anything like that in many cases it does
but until we get to that point we have
to tell a story we have to tell a story
to the person who is you know our point
of contact in the company so that they
can communicate that story to their hups
and so on right so I would say that two
things the first companies should even
though that's that's more difficult for
early stage companies that cannot AFF
for mix panel or amplitude or any of
these you know Solutions and can rely
just on uh G4 which is it's okay but it
can be your ultimate source of truth
right and so in cases where you can
afford these tools you should definitely
make sure that your setup is uh is right
and in many cases because in condent
marketing we we can't and we should not
try to as I as I explained in the
beginning we should not try to attach a
dollar value behind every you know
tactic that we use or every action that
we take because this leads to a quote
unquote reification of content marketing
which takes away creativity right what
you can do in these cases is build
impact narratives which means that let's
assume that we have created a comparison
guide right and you get feedback from
your salespeople that this comparison
guide is used used uh to close deals
right from people who are searching uh
to compare us with this prominent
competitor okay maybe you can't
attribute you know XMR at the end of the
quarter to this guide but you can
definitely when you go to to your uh
manager to report on your results and
your the results of you know your team
and any service providers like us uh you
should definitely build an impact
narrative around that and explain how
this guide contributes to you know the
overall goals of the marketing
department or assists sales in this case
in this example I said and tell this
story that it's not the same as saying
that you know we generated uh 10K in net
new Mr this quarter but it you know it
can help in communicating the value of
con Marketing in the best possible way
and the reason why this is important
right now is because budgets have been
schlass and they are um lower in many
cases not in all cases because we we see
some of our clients accelerating right
now uh and also because we are moving
towards a reification of content
marketing uh period which I don't
necessarily like uh especially as a cont
marketing agency but you know it is what
it is okay thank you uh shanon what do
what do you
think yes so I actually just wanted to
touch on what you mentioned about
creativity like the value of creativity
and I just feel like I completely agree
I feel like it's going down just because
marketers are so are still have the
mentality of like these quick wins and
you know they're used to dedicating
their budgets to Quick wins and because
for instance with certain types of
content marketing you can't it's not
easy to provide the return on investment
because it's more of a long-term
strategy then that becomes sort of like
a tricky thing to to kind of
judge but um yeah going back to just
like reporting and measuring and all of
that I think now with with Google
analytics for which is as you say um
yeah you can't use that as your own like
your main single source of Truth
everyone's a bit icky about it now um
and then of course like ongoing
attribution struggles Etc I think we're
getting to a point where we shouldn't be
measuring according to sort of fluffy
metrics so like yes traffic's important
and all of that but we can't measure the
success of a program just based on those
things which we used to do in the past
so I think it's really getting down to
more of like measuring your success
according to like topic relevance and
like your your share of Voice or share
of Topic in a specific you know um
industry um obviously looking at
customer turn um looking at leg gen or
obviously your signups Etc but not just
looking at that looking at more of the
quality of those leads and how they
Translate to revenue um and looking at
your your conversion rate and your
click-through rate and all of that I
think like there's ways to work with
those metrics and actually to establish
sort of you know how things are working
than just going according to like the
same time spent on page traffic all that
kind of stuff so I think we definitely
need to change the way that we look at
how we measuring it because um
especially now with search and stuff and
just they being sort of loophole in in
seeing where these traffic where the
traffic sources are and where
everything's coming from we need to
consider other ways as well
traditionally traffic has been used as a
vehicle for communicating results on
behalf of Condon marketers and one of
the reasons why which which was also
sort of validated by by a study survey
we run with superpath uh last year
couple of months ago really and and it
sort of validated one of the questions
was was around that most people if they
don't most conent marketers if they
don't um if they deny to report on
anything they will report on traffic
most of the time in my experience very
few conon marketers report on like
things like revenue or or anything like
that right and in fact even though we
can debate on that for for hours they
shouldn't because or they should but
they should also tell you know the story
that content marketing cannot be just
about driving Revenue right now imagine
if you use vehicle you use traffic as a
as your vehicle to communicate results
and
essentially justify your why you should
be at at the company right and then
Google comes one day and takes that away
from you or tells you that you know what
you should expect like diminishing
returns and results now from from your
efforts right whether the the impact
will be big or or small uh we will see
right but many content marketers are on
their TOS on their TOS right now because
exactly because traffic was their main
vehicle and you know there's something
going to happen to that in 2024 it's
already happening uh since Google is
making changes for for years now and
obviously people don't like that it
makes them feel uncomfortable and it
makes sense this is why um they should
start approaching content marketing
differently and this this is this is
also why they should uh you know focus
on building impact narratives as I
mentioned previously um yeah that's a
small parenthesis oh that's great thank
you and uh yeah I want I want to come
back to um to one of the previous
questions when we were talking about
like new playbooks and how you know in
2024 um we canot just rely on on SEO
strategy so how does your strategy uh go
beyond SEO content and uh why you need
to create content for various media
Outlets George what do you think so a
few couple of months ago we we published
a post on our blog uh on minia's blog
talking about introducing essentially
since you know content marketers like to
coin terms invent and coin terms and so
we introduced the term uh media singular
which essentially is what many SAS
companies later stage uh obviously
because early stage companies in most
cases can't do something like that can't
can't execute on something like that but
essentially media singular is a an
entity like a media asset right uh which
is distinguishable it has its own name
it has you know it has certain
characteristics and in many cases this
asset this media syn
may not be tied to or like evaluated
against traditional metrics like traffic
or anything like that right and we see
examples of that I will sayare a couple
the first that comes to my mind is uh
paddle Studios by paddle right which
essentially is or was profit Wells uh
YouTube channel before uh paddle
acquired uh um profit well and you know
reintroduce the channel as paddle
Studios right where they publish content
that's that's really creative really
really unique and you should definitely
check it out especially if you're
working at a SAS company and this for us
is a is a media singular okay another
example is you know even though
obviously most most people know about
that um Habs acquiring the hustle right
the hassle is a media singular for H for
HS and I think it it it tells a lot the
the fact that hpot the company that
wrote the old content marketing playbook
in fact they wrote The Playbook they
they were the first ones right um that
they jumped into this opportunity and
they acquired a media asset like the
hustle and lately we've been seeing
moves like that very bold moves and very
interesting moves from Rush and they are
acquiring uh assets like you know back
lingo which uh used to be an an SEO blog
or more recently traffic think Tang
right and we see more and more of these
these examples and I think that this is
one of the things that companies need to
keep in mind uh moving forward and once
again that's not to say that we we will
stop doing uh what we were doing
previously and you know uh text based
content that goes to the blog and that's
you know SE driven will stop to to exist
that's not the case
it's just that companies have to adjust
and maybe add a bit more balance uh to
like their their conent marketing
efforts and how they approach uh conent
marketing okay yeah that's really
interesting uh
Shannon yeah so I mean I was actually on
your blog previously well a couple of
days ago and I was trying to learn about
that as well
but correct me if I'm wrong obviously it
just goes down to sort of a
multi-channel approach as well correct
yeah that's that's that's right that's
right okay okay yeah so I mean like as
we were chatting about with the previous
questions it's like rankings and
traffics traffic obviously can't be the
the main way for us to measure sort of
like success and um that's why we
definitely obviously need to start
looking at other forms of content um
definitely going into a multi-channel
approach of creating more content that's
not just focused on pushing sales but
more creating that trust Factor again
what I mentioned you know I think in the
first question just sort of going back
to basics and and you know creating
content that is educating it's building
trust it's not not everything is just
focused on like pushing sales and then
obviously looking at other areas where
you know you can exist and create
visibility without just looking at
search as being the main vehicle so I
mean really tapping into events and more
product content things like that so yeah
just definitely focusing on that multi
Channel approach and I mean it's
something that's been around for a while
but I guess now that we really know that
that consumers go through so many
different formats and channels of
content before making a decision this
has become you know something that's
really important and I think uh what
goes hand inhand with that is actually
getting platform Specialists as well so
like because we're not just focusing on
search anymore we have to have people
that can and you know drive those
channels and drive those formats and be
be specialists in those fields as well
so um trying to sort of diversify what
you have and what you can offer yeah
thank you all right that's great and I
think uh one of the things that that we
also have to uh discuss because again
like
2023 has shown us um it's
face I think it was it was a different
part of the body but uh let I won't say
it but um anyway it it was it was a year
when a lot of SAU companies had to get
really Scrappy and to to experiment with
with what they have and turn to
profitability so what do you guys think
about like The Current financial
environment and its impact on on growth
oriented Services
George I'm not going to going to make
any like predictions because I I try to
steer away from from that but you know s
companies and as an
extension service providers like like us
had a good run after following the the
covid outbreak in 2022 in 2020 I'm sorry
and this lasted for about two years and
many things during that period didn't
quite seem or watching them as as an as
an observer let's say both as an Insider
and an Outsider it it didn't seem uh
natural uh it felt somehow somehow
artificial right
and I would say that what happens right
now and this this is not just for SAS
companies but what happens right now is
sort of a correction and I'm not sure
whether we will return at least anytime
soon to Crazy amounts being given to
companies as you know series a or series
b or Series E and F and whatever other
letter you you want to use I think this
is this is kind of this was a good run
while it lasted but we are at a
different you know stage right now and I
think it's it's good in the sense that
austerity can somehow um bring
discipline to SAS companies and instead
of just you know pouring money into
Google ads and uh throwing money to
problems instead of being creative
and being focused and doing the work
that will actually bring an impact so in
general also due to my Greek upbringing
I'm fine with austerity and I know that
in some cases austerity can bring uh
discipline which I think is is needed in
the SAS
company okay Shannon do you have
anything to add to that well I mean I I
think from my side I can't I can't
comment on more of like the the
financial challenges Etc but if I'm
looking sort of at the economic climate
and just looking at layoffs and looking
at how like companies are cutting their
budgets and all of that I've I've
definitely noticed that um a lot of
marketers are reluctant to sort of
experiment with with their with their
marketing and with their budgets because
they are sort of you know on a Sho
string at the moment but there's
definitely ways that you can stretch
that budget out and I mean looking at
things from an organic growth
perspective um we shouldn't give credit
to like one specific type of marketing
so as you say like pouring all your
money into paid ads and all that kind of
stuff but again I think it goes with the
mentality of just you know wanting these
quick wins and um with content Marketing
in so many different ways being sort of
a long-term strategy it's difficult as
we said earlier to sort of credit well
provide their return on investment as
quickly as you know potentially paid ads
could Etc although there's issues with
that as well um with all that pricing
but um yeah I definitely I definitely
see that you know people well brands are
becoming a little bit
tighter tight fisted and more reluctant
to you know invest in certain activities
Etc so that's what I've I've noticed
from my side one thing I would like to
add if I may here is that the reason why
this this previous period was definitely
not good was because Sal companies
because they had you know money and
access to to Capital they would throw
money into into ads and in in several
cases I know companies were just the
financial didn't make sense and not in
terms of like the LTV and you know you
look at your LTV you look at your cak
and you say that you know this doesn't
make sense but also in terms of you know
the payback period because if you keep
on average customers with you let's say
11 months and you see that it takes me
14 months to get my money back when well
this means that for every customer new
customer you acquire you
essentially lose money right so I think
that these are things that we kind of
accept it as a given and we we sort of
quote unquote
sacrificed uh for growth uh which was
growth at all cost now the narrative has
changed to you know sustainable growth
and once again I think that this is a
good thing yeah and actually if I can
just uh throw my two cents in here uh
because I've been talking to so many
Founders in sbound and I'm always asking
like for for their hacks and like what
what has been working for them and this
last year there has been so many hacks
that were really like unconventional and
were really like Scrappy but in very
good way right A lot of people a lot of
Founders have started doing content and
uh like Shannon said tapping into like
different kinds of events and like
really going out there uh building trust
and putting the face uh behind the
product so it has been really
fascinating to see and for a lot it's
been working and it wasn't necessarily a
bad thing so like the first kind of
shock of not getting like easy access to
to Capital kind of moved over to give
space to a bit more creativity and to
like more of a sustainable growth that's
why like we've been fairly um successful
with getting like um speakers and like
Partnerships and you know experts for
for these things because that's you know
that adds the visibility and the brand
awareness and trust and um whatnot so I
think I hope it will will continue
working the way it works and more
companies and more Founders will will
realize that maybe that's the way that's
the way to go and like um come back to
to the real world a little bit uh but
yeah I think we have uh we have time for
a couple more questions just really
quick uh so could you maybe share um
some challenges with scalability of the
content because um I think that that's
been also something that a lot of
content marketers uh has been struggling
with so yeah how do you deal with that
um Shannon let's start with
you yeah so from my side I mean I think
scalability has been a conversation for
every marketing department I mean you're
looking at AI but then you're looking at
the quality of that content and then of
course you're looking at Freelancers and
then from my side I've experienced a lot
of freelances letting me down so it's
been it's definitely been tricky trying
to get to a point of like you know what
works and what these hacks are to be you
know more scalable so I mean I would
love to hear from George what he's doing
and how he's working with Brands to to
overcome those challenges because that's
something that I experienced
myself okay scalability and acceleration
and moving faster and you know
publishing like maintaining a high
publishing velocity um a great example
of that by the way is descript and we
are are covering their story today in 1
hour and 10 minutes uh at growth waves
they maintained a very high publishing
velocity in
2023 and in my experience uh to to
achieve that and to do that and scale
things up you have to make some
compromises small compromises right I
can tell you that in most cases it's
okay if you know the comma in one
sentence and I'm not even a native
English speaker right but I can tell you
that um it's okay if the coma is not
like here and it's it's there right
especially if you're in a in an early
stage company uh no one cares no one is
going to read your content so it doesn't
matter don't obsess over commas and
things like that right just get it out
there and by the way after you get it
out there you can always go back and
update it right and you have to make
small compromises and people working
inside companies and managing or editing
content or or reviewing company uh
content should not stress over you know
commas and that this doesn't really
represent our brand we don't have any
Brands like you know the chances of uh
surviving after five years as a s
company are 3% um and chances are that
you know your your company especially if
you are at an early stage will
eventually die unless you're working at
you know the Adobes of the world you
should not stress over uh you know small
details because no one
cares very few people are going to see
that and read that so don't obsess over
these details and just you know get
things out there that's of course unless
you are interested in not scaling the
things up and not accelerating and you
know we are just publishing four pieces
of con per month and these are case
studies and customer stories and and
narratives and things like that that's a
completely different you know story if
that's the case you should care right
again you shouldn't stress over commas
but you should care but if you want to
accelerate and scale things up just you
know just just you hit the publish
button and don't stress over and don't
make the life of service providers like
us uh more difficult uh that's that's my
opinion on this I think that's a great
advice
yeah and that's also something that that
we've been discussing on the podcast a
lot like uh you just you have to stop
overthinking it and just like be genuine
and and build uh build the trust and
build that visibility because um yeah I
think George is George is right it's
it's worse if uh people don't know about
you right know nothing about you there
is no uh content because you know you're
obsessing over making it perfect rather
than just you know publishing everything
that you can just uh building in public
I think is a great uh way to go if
you're really early stage one last quick
quick story to illustrate that very
quickly we worked with a Sira company um
it was one of our you know most
difficult um let's say experiences with
a client our team had to you know face a
very difficult is the word um editorial
process and the company run out of money
and died after a few months right so
what's the point just get it out there
and you know uh it's okay you can always
go back and and update it that's all
that was a horror story for for the kids
of sa Founders
so but uh yeah thanks thanks for sharing
that I think that's that's a great
example but something that content
marketers have been asking uh before uh
when we announced this session and I
remember there was a post from uh from a
Content marketer that had a poll in it
uh asking like is it possible to be a
Content marketer content creator and not
have burnout and there were like three
three options like no no and like really
no so what is um yeah is there a trick
for because you guys you know you you
work with content uh for so long and I
won't even pitch in here um because I I
found so much gray hair earlier this
morning but um yeah how to produce a ton
of content how to be motivated how to be
inspired and not get burned out um
George any advice disclaimer I will be
very biased here but if you're an
in-house content marketer and you want
to avoid uh
burnout you can Outsource stuff
[Laughter]
Outsource oh yeah that's brilliant
that's a great one uh
Shannon yeah I mean obviously I
agree I mean I try to but yeah that's
definitely something that um we have to
do more this year but um so I agree with
that and then I think like a lot of
burnout comes from information overload
and just like information fatigue
basically like if you're looking on
LinkedIn every day I mean there's just
so much going on and so many people's
tactics and like cool things and there's
just like a next shiny object all the
time so I think that when you're
thinking of like content creation
burnout it's it's directly related to
that it's just you're trying to get
around too much and you're trying to do
too much of what's out there and instead
of just sticking to one thing that
really works so yeah I would honestly
just suggest to to stay away to stay
away from all these um you know intense
conversations and people putting out
these case studies that if for instance
you're not working in the industry you
would know that there's so much more to
it but someone that would just read it
um and how they've gone from you know
five 5,000 to 5 million in two minutes
it's just like if you've been working in
the industry you know there's a lot more
that goes into it so just taking
everything you see with a pinch of and
just like obviously knowing what your
road map is what your playbook is and
Playbook important um and yeah just
trying to to keep things afloat without
getting overwhelmed with what's what's
happening around you thank you I think
that's a great advice we should all
learn
that that's what I'm going to do uh
later today I guess uh so thank you guys
so much for for this session I think um
we still have um a couple of questions
left but uh maybe we can do it again
sometime all right uh get it out there
because I think this is a never ending
topic right we could talk uh for a
couple more hours here easily uh but
it's been great um seeing what what you
think 2024 is going to to be for cond
marketers and hopefully it um yeah it
was helpful for everyone who's been
listening so thank you guys for being
here great and thank you so much for
having us um yeah as you say we can talk
for hours because it's such a subjective
thing I think everyone's got so many
different opinions and um which is nice
everyone's always going to you know
disagree on certain things and that's
how you learn so um yeah it was great
and I hope we can do it again soon thank
you that was that was fun thank you yeah
I'm glad it was it was for us definitely
so yeah thanks for being here and yeah
take yeah